BUG-50762 초안 올립니다. (#485)
ALTIBASE/Documents: Manuals/Altibase_trunk/eng/Replication Manual.md

  ALTER TABLE table_name ADD CONSTRAINT constraint_name UNIQUE ( column_name );
  ALTER TABLE table_name ADD CONSTRAINT constraint_name UNIQUE ( column_name ) LOCAL;
  ALTER TABLE table_name RENAME CONSTRAINT constraint_name TO constraint_name;
  ALTER TABLE table_name DROP CONSTRAINT constraint_name; // Constraints including Unique or Local Unique can be deleted 
  
  CREATE UNIQUE INDEX index_name ON table_name ( column_name );
  CREATE INDEX index_name ON table_name ( expression );
  DROP INDEX index_name; //Unique or function-base index can be deleted
  ```

#### Description

Altibase supports the execution of DDL statements on replication target tables. However, the following property settings must be set

-   The REPLICATION_DDL_ENABLE property must be set to 1.
-   The REPLICATION_DDL_ENABLE_LEVEL to the desired level.
-   ALTER SESSION SET REPLICATION as DEFAULT.
-   The target table should be locked by the LOCK TABLE...UNTIL NEXT DDL statement in order to execute SPLIT PARTITION, MERGE PARTITION, and DROP PARTITION on a replication target table. Moreover, the data should be checked to identify since there would be a replication gap between the local and remote server.

> If the SPLIT, MERGE, or DROP is executed on a replication target partition, the identical replication partition is automatically removed or added to the local or remote server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If users execute the SPLIT, MERGE, or DROP PARTITION on a replication target partition, users must execute the same DDL statements on remote servers. And, newly created or deleted partitions are automatically added or removed as a replication target partition.
```
